Add README Template (#98)
Oneflow-Inc/libai: README.md

    </a>
</p>

<h4 align="center">
    <p>
        <b>English</b> |
        <a href="">简体中文</a>
    <p>
</h4>

## Introduction
LiBai is an open-source large-scale model pretraining toolbox with efficient parallelization techniques based on OneFlow. The main branch works with OneFlow 0.7.0.

<details open>
<summary> <b> Highlights </b> </summary>

- **Support a collection of parallel training components**

    LiBai provides multiple parallelisms, e.g. Data Parallelism, Tensor Parallelism, and Pipeline Parallelism. Besides, it's extensible for new parallelism.

- **Varied training techniques**

    Libai provides some out-of-the-box training techniques, e.g. Distributed Training, Mixed Precision Training, Activation Checkpointing, Recomputation, Gradient Accumulation, and Zero Redundancy Optimizer(ZeRO).

- **Support for both CV and NLP tasks**

    Predifined data process for both CV and NLP datasets, e.g. CIFAR, ImageNet, BERT Dataset.

- **Easy Usage**

    - LazyConfig system for more flexible syntax and no predefined structures 
    - Friendly trainer and engine
    - Used as a library to support building research projects on top of it

> - **High Efficience**

Author: 这个部分的内容还需要补充一下

Reviewer: 这里准备写的啥呢，benchmark 的性能比较吗

Author: 对，感觉稍微描述一下速度？

</details>

## Installation

## Getting Started

## Documentation
Please refer to [docs](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) for full API documentation and tutorials.

## ChangeLog

**Beta 0.1.0** was released in 15/2/2022:
- support deit training on imagenet
- ...

> Please refer to [changelog.md]() for details and release history.

Author: changelog是在docs里加一个changelog.md部分还是在这个repo下新建一个changelog.md

Reviewer: 我觉得单写一个 changelog.md 比较好

Author: 好的，那我这边单独创建一个文件push上去

        <b>English</b> |
        <a href="https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/libai/blob/main/README_zh-CN.md">简体中文</a>
    <p>
</h4>

## Introduction
LiBai is an open-source large-scale model pretraining toolbox with efficient parallelization techniques based on OneFlow. The main branch works with OneFlow 0.7.0.

<details open>
<summary> <b> Highlights </b> </summary>

- **Support a collection of parallel training components**

    LiBai provides multiple parallelisms, e.g. Data Parallelism, Tensor Parallelism, and Pipeline Parallelism. Besides, it's extensible for new parallelism.

- **Varied training techniques**

    LiBai provides some out-of-the-box training techniques, e.g. Distributed Training, Mixed Precision Training, Activation Checkpointing, Recomputation, Gradient Accumulation, and Zero Redundancy Optimizer(ZeRO).

- **Support for both CV and NLP tasks**

    Predifined data process for both CV and NLP datasets, e.g. CIFAR, ImageNet, BERT Dataset.

- **Easy Usage**

    Components are designed to be modular in LiBai for better and easier usage as follows:
    - LazyConfig system for more flexible syntax and no predefined structures 
    - Friendly trainer and engine

>     - Used as a library to support building research projects on top of it

Reviewer: 这里可以加上对我们 projects 文件夹的引用

Author: 好，我等等更新上去

<!-- 配图 -->

<h2 align="center">LiBai: Toolbox for Large Scale Pretraining</h2>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://pypi.org/project/LiBai/">
        <img alt="PyPI" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/libai">
    </a>
    <a href="https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html">
        <img alt="docs" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-blue">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/libai/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Oneflow-Inc/libai.svg?color=blue">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/libai/releases">
        <img alt="GitHub release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/Oneflow-Inc/libai.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/libai/issues">
        <img alt="PRs Welcome" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-pink.svg">
    </a>
</p>

<h4 align="center">
    <p>
        <b>English</b> |
        <a href="">简体中文</a>
    <p>
</h4>

## Introduction

> Libai is an open source large pretraining toolbox based on OneFlow. The main branch works with OneFlow 0.7.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libai is an open-source large-scale model pretraining toolbox with efficient parallelization techniques based on OneFlow. The main branch works with OneFlow 0.7.0.
```

<details open>
<summary> <b> Highlights </b> </summary>

> - **Support of multiple parallel strategy**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Support a collection of parallel training components**
```

>     The toolbox supports multiple parallelism, e.g. Data Parallelism, Tensor Parallelism, and Pipeline Parallelism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    LiBai provides multiple parallelisms, e.g. Data Parallelism, Tensor Parallelism, and Pipeline Parallelism.
    Besides, it's extensible for new parallelism.
```

- **Varied training techniques**

>     Libai directly support the state-of-art training techniques, e.g. Distributed Training, Mixed Precision training, Activation Checkpoint, and Zero Redundance Optimizer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Libai provides some out-of-the-box training techniques, e.g. Distributed Training, Mixed Precision Training, Activation Checkpointing, Recomputation, Gradient Accumulation, and Zero Redundancy Optimizer(ZeRO).
```

- **Support for both CV and NLP tasks**

    Predifined data process for both CV and NLP datasets, e.g. CIFAR, ImageNet.

- **Easy Usage**

>     LazyConfig system for more flexible syntax and no predefined structures and easy-to-use trainer engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - LazyConfig system for more flexible syntax and no predefined structures 
    - friendly trainer and engine
    - Used as a library to support building research projects on top of it
```

- **High Efficience**

</details>

<!-- <details open>
<summary> <b> Libai supported projects </b> </summary>

- Masked word completion with [BERT](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.04805)

- Image classification with [ViT](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.11929)

</details> -->

## Documentation

> Please refer to [docs]() for full API documentation and tutorials.

Reviewer: 这里可以加上链接

> ## License

Reviewer: license 放到后面吧

This project is released under the [Apache 2.0 license](LICENSE).

## ChangeLog

**Beta 0.1.0** was released in 15/2/2022:
- support deit training on imagenet
- ...

Please refer to [changelog.md]() for details and release history.

> ## Supported Projects

Reviewer: 这个我觉得可以删掉，不在这里写

- [x] 3D Parallelism [BERT](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.04805) models for pretraining.
- [x] 2D Parallelism [ViT](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.11929) models for Image Classification.

> ## Installation

Reviewer: install 和 get started 放到 introduction 后面

## Getting Started

## Contributing

> ## Acknowledgement

Reviewer: 最后加一个 Citation
